An Imperial robot? No way.
What an unfortunate guest.
No matter.
Arrest Sisbell!
Stop!
I will deal with you.
[MASKED LORD] You're far
too weak to stop me alone.
Sisbell won't escape this city.
[ISKA]
She's part of the royal family.
Don't you think she must
have a good reason
to risk talking to
an Imperial soldier?
[MASKED LORD]
Her motives are irrelevant.
As a princess,
any unapproved communication
with an enemy like you
is against the rules
of the Sovereignty.
Such a crime will
surely dethrone her.
[gunshot]
[JHIN] I'd say it's also
criminal to make so much noise
at night.
You're disturbing the peace.
Stand down.
[ISKA]
Jhin?
[JHIN] I could tell something
had you preoccupied.
Didn't expect to find you
with thugs, though.
[MISMIS]
I know him!
He kicked me into the vortex!
[MASKED LORD]
Hello there, Captain.
You appear to be well.
[MISMIS]
What are you doing here?
[MASKED LORD] Unfortunately,
I have pressing concerns
to attend to.
There's no time for chit chat.
[NENE]
Is that Object?
Why would the Empire
choose to deploy its
experimental weapon?
[OBJECT]
Astral energy detected.
Initiate screening.
One, two, three, four, five.
Six witches observed.
Iska! It picked up on the
Captain's astral crest!
Crap.
[OBJECT] Initiating capture
of priority target.
Pure Blood Witch Nine LC.
Ignore the machine!
Bring Sisbell to me
and we're gone.
[OBJECT] Obstacles will
now be eliminated.
[MASKED LORD] I could not
have foreseen this fight.
But I can spin it
to work in our favor.
Not one more step.
Is this necessary?
We're only here to arrest
someone who betrayed
our people.
Why would you make
moves to protect her?
[JHIN]
I don't care about that.
All that matters to me
is that you kicked our boss
into an astral vortex.
For that reason alone,
I plan to pummel you.
Kill them.
Lost his cool pretty fast, huh?
He's crazy!
This isn't a battlefield.
It's an independent nation!
Not to worry, dear.
The losing side will take
the blame for any damage.
Remember that as you
take your last breaths.
[ISKA]
Are you okay?
[SISBELL]
Iska?
Not good. We can't let it
send back any data.
See if you can buy me some time.
[ISKA]
Roger that!
It's strong!
[ISKA]
I'm gonna take it out.
Stay back.
Why are you suddenly
helping me now?
You said you
couldn't be my ally!
Did you change your mind?
I have my own reasons.
There's stuff I didn't
get around to telling you.
But know this.
I don't plan on giving
you up to the robot
or Masked Lord!
[SISBELL]
Iska, this isn't fair.
If you show me such kindness...
...how do I pay you back?
Nene!
[NENE] I've got the
coordinates entered!
Retreat!
Piercing Shot!
That sounded like Nene's work.
Yeah.
We need to hurry up and regroup.
That'd be wise.
But you'll never make it.
You must not know
of my astral power.
[JHIN grunts]
So much for that trigger finger.
I don't need it!
[MASKED LORD]
What?
[gunshot]
I admire your quick thinking.
However, the tides still
haven't turned in your favor.
The evidence to prosecute
Sisbell is likely lost,
but fortune continues
to smile upon me.
[JHIN grunts]
You all right?
That's gasoline!
[MASKED LORD] One hundred
years ago, our great founder
scorched the Empire.
Consider this a reenactment.
An avenging sea of flames.
Brought to you
by the Sovereignty.
What's going on?
Torch them with
your astral fire art.
Hold on.
What is this wind?
I see. The irony.
An Imperial soldier gained
power from the vortex.
You'll make an excellent
research subject.
[JHIN]
Shut it.
Don't you dare violate our boss
with your disgusting ideas.
[MASKED LORD]
Hmm, well...
Time to be on my way.
This pursuit is no longer
worth the rewards.
It was a fun evening.
I'll see you again soon.
Did you destroy the beast?
No. Something's wrong.
[OBJECT]
Reject.
Shutting off primary
energy supply.
Switching to backup power.
[SISBELL gasps]
What is this weapon?!
I've never seen a
machine like this one.
Watch out.
Something strange is going on!
I'm not sure but I don't
think it's using fuel
or electricity!
That's the light
of astral energy!
[ISKA]
Couldn't be!
Object.
What the hell is
hidden inside of you?
[ISKA]
Nene! Move!
[OBJECT]
Life Form Integra.
What was that explosion?
It was close to Iska.
[OBJECT]
Rebooting power.
Core charging.
No! It can fire again?
I won't let it!
Piercing Shot!
[OBJECT]
Unlocking all functions.
I failed.
[ISKA] You have to go
find Jhin and the Captain!
The damage will be disastrous.
Evacuate everyone you can find.
They'll need your help!
Wait. But what about you?
[ISKA]
I'm ending this.
You got it.
One thing.
Don't you dare get killed.
[ISKA]
What are you?
[ISKA grunts]
[SISBELL]
He's fighting on my behalf.
Which means...
I have to believe in him.
[OBJECT]
Ready to fire.
Come, Light!
Replay the past.
Show what the stars have seen!
This is your best chance!
Sisbell?
[SISBELL] I'm replaying a
sandstorm that happened here
in the past, but it's
just a smokescreen!
It's all I need!
[ISKA yells]
[grunts]
Thanks for that.
Sure.
[OBJECT]
System failure.
Ejecting the core.
Beast of Catalysc.
[ISKA]
Get away from there!
[SISBELL yells]
Iska, please help me!
[ISKA gasps]
What are you?
[ONLOOKERS chattering]
[MISMIS]
The blast reached this far?
This is bad, Captain!
Go. Look for anyone
who needs some help.
[JHIN]
Iska.
Sisbell!
[ISKA grunts]
I won't stop now!
You're going down!
[ALICE]
Ice Calamity!
Flooding Snow Lights!
[ISKA]
Alice?
Why're you here?
I could ask you the same thing.
Give me back my sister!
Ice Vines!
Icicles!
Iska!
[ISKA]
Right!
[ISKA grunts]
How'd it do that?
[ISKA] Do you have
any idea what this is?
A spirit.
[ISKA] If that's the case,
what does the Empire plan
to do with it?
Quick! Blossom!
[ALICE]
What are you talking about?
That's my shield.
[ISKA]
Now!
Ice, bloom forth!
[ASTRAL SPIRIT]
So lu reinen xel.
Is it speaking?
A spirit's language.
[ASTRAL SPIRIT]
Elmei shel feo mielles.
It's going to level the city!
Iska.
I still want us
to fight each other.
But... Now's not the time.
[ALICE] This wanton
destruction is meaningless.
It is not the future
I strive for.
[ISKA]
You know I'm battling for peace.
For one night, we'll join hands.
[ISKA]
Let's do this!
[ASTRAL SPIRIT]
Ris sia sohia ahz cia r‐teo.
Pierce through!
Wall!
[ALICE]
Ice Calamity.
[ISKA]
Stars.
[ASTRfAL SPIRIT]
Ez xiss clar lefmihas xel.
Fans and Swords Dance!
Awaken!
Now you're finished!
[GREAT APOSTLE A] We've lost
contact with the Object.
[GREAT APOSTLE B]
An unexpected setback.
It seems we must pay more
mind to the Successor
of the Black Steel.
[GREAT APOSTLE A] For now,
we move to the next stage.
Thanks for your help.
[ALICE gasps]
Nope. So wrong.
What am I saying?
You're my sworn enemy.
We should be fighting
against each other, not with.
[ISKA]
You make it sound so bad.
[ALICE]
Because it's the truth!
Our rivalry is not going
to settle itself, you know!
[SISBELL]
Is that you?
Sisbell.
Tell me you're not hurt!
‐‐[SISBELL] Sister.
‐‐Yes?
You know this soldier,
don't you?
Huh?
[SISBELL] To be honest,
I've been trying to figure out
what your relationship is
to him for a good while now.
Well, I guess‐‐
Wrong. I've no idea who he is.
What?
Oh, come on!
There's no use lying.
It's the truth. Isn't it?
Oh. Yeah. Right.
I have no clue who
she is either. Heh...
Interesting.
You're trying to tell me
you're complete strangers‐‐
not even acquaintances?
Correct.
That's perfect.
[ISKA, ALICE]
Hm?
[SISBELL]
I've come to a conclusion!
You're my knight!
Promise. Please.
That you'll always protect
Sisbell Lou Nebulis the Ninth.
The future queen!
Huh? No. Wait a sec.
What are you going on about?
This has nothing
to do with you, Sister.
She can't just recruit you!
Tell her "no."
This is so weird.
[NENE]
Iska!
[MISMIS]
Hello? Where are you?
My friends are calling me.
I should, uh, probably go.
See ya!
[ALICE]
You're leaving?
Iska!
I will never give up on you!
You have my word!
[RISYA] Well, that was
certainly a night.
The experimental weapon
met an unexpected opponent.
My Issy is full of surprises.
[NAMELESS] Hm...
Where is the Emperor?
[RISYA]
Who knows?
It's been a while since he left.
I'm sure he's enjoying himself.
Also, I have a feeling
a secret or two
are about to come to light.
I've not felt such
tranquility in some time.
Imperial swordsman.
I've grown bored of this world,
but you managed to intrigue me.
Huh? What could that be?
This energy.
I didn't think you'd come
see me in the open.
Show yourself!
Emperor Yunmelngen!
[YUNMELNGEN]
Hi.
I have something fun
to share with you.
Welcome home, Uncle.
Thank you, dear Kissing.
It was quite an
inspired excursion.
Good for me?
Have no fear.
Let's prepare you
for the election.
[ELLETEAR]
You called for me, My Queen?
[MILLAVAIR] I apologize for
summoning you here.
But I have an
important question.
[ELLETEAR]
What is it?
[MILLAVAIR] It was you who
leaked intel about Sisbell's
foreign travels, am I wrong?
And there's one other thing.
Are you even the real Elletear?
My Lady.
It makes no sense.
Why do we keep on
meeting like this?
I have no idea either.
Listen up.
You have to pretend
you don't know me
in front of people
from the Sovereignty.
That includes my little sister.
I got it.
You know what?
This is actually exciting.
We have a shared secret.
Sounds like you're
enjoying this.
You are sorely mistaken,
you fool!
Right, then.
See you when I do.